I dare you to yell yeet at the top of your voice
For a guy, put on makeup. For a girl, wash off your make up.
Dance with no music for 1 minute.
Try to drink a glass water while standing on your hands.
Let the group pose you in an embarrassing position and take a picture.
Curse like sailor for 20 seconds straight.
Do four cartwheels in row.
Play a song on by slapping your butt cheeks till someone guesses the song.
Give someone your phone and let them send one text to anyone in your contacts.
Depict a human life through interpretive dance.
Lick the floor.
Drink a small cup of a concoction that the group makes. (Don’t make anything that might cause bodily harm. No visits to the emergency room.).
Write something embarrassing somewhere on your body (that can be hidden with clothing) with a permanent marker.
Let someone shave part of your body.
Eat five spoonfuls of a condiment.
Let the group give you a new hairstyle.
Make every person in the group smile, keep going until everyone has cracked a smiled.
Sniff the armpits of everyone in the room.
Let the person to your left draw on your face with a pen.
Make up a 30 second opera about a person or people in the group and perform it.
Serenade the person to your right.
Talk in an accent for the next 3 rounds.
Beg and plead the person to your right not to leave you for that other boy or girl. Weeping, gnashing of teeth, and wailing is encouraged.
Attempt to break dance for 30 seconds.
Kiss the person to your left.
Do the worm.
Do push ups until you can’t do any more, wait 5 seconds, and then do one more.
Sell a piece trash to someone in the group. Use your best salesmanship.
Let the group look through your phone for 2 minutes.
Attempt to do a magic trick.
Switch clothes with someone of the opposite sex.
Imitate a celebrity every time you talk for three minutes.
Try to juggle 2 or 3 items of the group’s choosing.
Stick your arm into the trash can past your elbow.
Walk on your hands from one side of the room to the other. You can ask someone to hold your legs if necessary.
Gargle something that shouldn’t be gargled, but won’t hurt you.
Get slapped on the face by the person of your choosing.
Grab a trash can and make a hoop with your hands above the trash can. Have other members of the group try to shoot trash through your impromptu trashketball hoop. (No bottles or other injury causing trash should be thrown. Once again, no trips to the hospital please.)
Spin an imaginary hula hoop around your waist for 3 minutes while the game continues.
Imitate popular YouTube videos until someone can guess the video you are imitating.
Dance to a song of the group’s choosing.
Seduce a member of the same gender in the group.
Break two eggs on your head.
Be someone’s pet for the next 5 minutes.
Compose a poem on the spot based on something the group comes up with.
Poll dance for 1 minute with an imaginary pole.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Attempt to walk on your hands for as far as you can (don’t break anything with your feet).
Choose someone from the group to give you a spanking.
Post an extremely unflattering picture of yourself to the social media outlet of your choosing.
Make a funny face and keep making it for 2 minutes while the game continues.
Imagine something in your room. Now spell it with your nose and keep spelling it with your nose until someone from the group guesses what you are trying spell.
After the group chooses one rude word, sing a song and insert that rude word once into every line of the song.
Drag your butt on the carpet like a dog from one end of the room to the other. You’ll need to be wearing shorts or pants for this one.
Open a bag of snacks or candy using only your mouth, no hands or feet.
Do your best impression of a baby being born.
Bend at the waist so that you are looking behind you between your legs. Now run backwards until you can tag someone with your butt.
Belly dance like your life depended on it.
Make a tea out of something that isn’t tea (but isn’t dangerous / toxic) and drink it.
Go to the bathroom, take off your underwear and put it on your head. Wear it on your head for the rest of the game.
Act like whatever animal someone yells out for the next 1 minute.
Eat one teaspoon of the spiciest thing you have in the kitchen.
Transfer an icecube from your mouth to the person’s mouth on your right.
Call the 7th contact in your phone and sing them 30 seconds of a song that the group chooses.
No talking. Pretend to be a food. Don’t pretend to eat the food, pretend to be the food. Keep pretending until someone in the group guesses the food you are.
Drop something in the toilet and then reach in to get it.
Find the person whose first name has the same letter as your first name or whoever’s first name’s first letter is closest to yours. Now lick their face.
Put 4 ice cubes down your pants.
Sit in a spinning chair and have the group spin you for 30 seconds. Might help to hold a trash can just in case.
