What is the most wholesome thing you have ever done?
What's your most embarrassing memory?
What's the worst thing you've ever done to a friend?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
After you've dropped a piece of food, what's the longest time you've left it on the ground and then ate it?
Have you ever tasted a booger?
What's the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Who do you think is the worst dressed person in this server?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
True or false? You have a crush on [fill in the blank].
Of the people in this server, who do you want to trade lives with?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Do you cover your eyes during a scary part in a movie?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your worst habit?
Has anyone ever walked in on you when going #2 in the bathroom?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
Do you pick your nose?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever peed yourself?
What was your most embarrassing moment in public?
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
Do you ever talk to yourself in the mirror?
You’re in a public restroom and just went #2, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you drool in your sleep?
Do you talk in your sleep?
How often do you watch porn (if you do)?
Who is your secret crush?
Who do you like the least in this server and why?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
What is your go-to song for the shower?
Who is the sexiest person in this server?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
Would you rather have sex with [insert name] in secret or not have sex with that person but everyone thinks you did?
What don't you like about me?
What color underwear are you wearing right now?
What was the last thing you texted?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind from this server, who would it be?
Do you think you'll marry your current girlfriend/boyfriend?
How often do you wash your undergarments?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Have you ever farted and then blamed someone else?
Have you ever tasted your sweat?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
Who is your favorite? Mom or Dad?
Would you trade your sibling in for a million dollars?
Would you trade in your dog for a million dollars?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you? Who would you choose to marry?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you lost one day of your life every time you said a swear word, would you try not to do it?
Who in this server would be the worst person to date? Why?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
If someone offered you $1 million dollars to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what would you do?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn't? What did you do when you realized it?
What's the longest time you've stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
What's the most unflattering school picture of you?
Have you ever cried because you missed your parents so much?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
Describe the strangest dream you've ever had. Did you like it?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
What is your biggest fear?
Do you pee in the shower?
Have you ever ding dong ditched someone?
The world ends next week and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
Tell us about a time you embarrassed yourself in front of a crush.
Have you ever kept a library book?
Who is one person you pretend to like, but actually don’t?
What children’s movie could you watch over and over again?
Do you have bad foot odor?
Do you have any silly nicknames?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
How many pancakes have you eaten in a single sitting?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car?
If you had to make out with any Disney character, who would it be?
Have you ever watched a movie you knew you shouldn’t?
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (Live Action Role-Play)?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something? If so, what was it?
What is the most food you’ve eaten in a single sitting?
Do you dance when you’re by yourself?
Would you have voted for or against Trump?
What song on the radio do you sing with every time it comes on?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you own a pair of footie pajamas?
Are you scared of the dark?
What ‘As seen on TV’ product do you secretly want to buy?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
How many selfies do you take a day?
What is something you’ve done to try to be ‘cooler’?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
Have you ever used self tanner?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Do you have a security blanket?
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?
Have you ever butt-dialed someone?
Do you like hanging out with your parents?
Have you ever got caught doing something you shouldn’t?
What part of your body do you love and which part do you hate?
Have you ever had lice?
Have you ever pooped your pants?
What was the last rate-R movie you watched?
Do you lick your plate?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
Do you write in a diary?
What is the worst date you’ve ever been on?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?
If you had to make out with a boy at school, who would it be?
Would you rather go for a month without washing your hair or go for a day without wearing underwear?
Have you ever asked someone out?
Have you ever had a crush on a person at least 10 years older than you?
Who is the worst kisser you’ve kissed?
What's the best kind of underwear?
Do you ever admire yourself in the mirror?
Has a crush ever found out you liked them and turned you down?
Have you ever been stood up on a date?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done regarding your crush?
Do you secretly love Twilight?
Have you ever wanted to be a cheerleader?
Who is the hottest? Hagrid, Dumbledore, or Dobby?
If you could marry any celebrity, who would it be?
What do you do to get yourself ‘sexy’?
Who is your current crush?
What hairstyle have you always wanted, but never been willing to try?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve said or done in front of someone you like?
What part of your body do you love and which part do you hate?
Who is your celebrity crush?
If you could change one thing about your body, what would it be?
Who/when was your first kiss? Did you like it?
Who are you jealous of?
If you could be another girl in our server, who would you be?
Would you kiss a guy/girl on the first date? Would you do more than that?
How many kids do you want to have in the future?
Who do you hate the most?
If you could go out on a date with a celebrity, who would it be?
If you were stranded on a deserted island, who would you want to be stranded with from our server?
Have you ever flirted with your best friend’s siblings?
Have you ever been dumped? What was the reason for it?
Jock, nerd, or bad guy?
Who is your first pick for prom?
What's the sexiest thing about a guy/girl?
What's one physical feature that you would change on yourself if you could?
Would you rather be a guy or a girl? Why?
Describe your dream career.
If you could eat anything you wanted without getting fat, what would that food be?
If you had to do a gameshow with someone in this server, who would you pick?
Would you go a year without your phone if it meant you could marry the person of your dreams?
You are going to be stuck on a dessert island and you can only bring five things. List them.
If you could only wear one hairstyle for the rest of your life, would you choose curly hair or straight hair?
You have to give up one makeup item for the rest of your life. What is it?
Would you date someone shorter than you?
If someone paid you $1000 to wear your bra outside your shirt, would you do it?
What is your least favorite thing about family gatherings?
What is your favorite thing about family gatherings?
What is a secret that you kept from your parents when you were growing up?
What is one thing that makes you relax?
What is a bad habit that you have?
Have you ever flirted with a police officer to get out of a speeding ticket?
What is something you look forward to when you retire?
Do you have a bucket list and if so, what is one thing on the list?
What is one thing you are always losing?
Where is your favorite place to shop?
Do you have a weird collection?
Tell about the last dream you had and don’t leave anything out.
Have you ever shared chewing gum with anyone?
Have you ever lied about being sick so you could stay home from work or school?
If you could do one thing you did when you were a child, what would it be?
Have you ever danced on a table when you were drunk?
Have you ever told someone you wouldn’t be home just so they wouldn’t come over?
What is the one thing you dislike about yourself?
What is the one thing you do like about yourself?
What is the one thing you would stand in line for?
Have you ever lied to get a job?
If anyone in your family could win an award for the most annoying, who would it be?
What is the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you in front of a crowd?
What is your least favorite household chore?
If you could hire someone to do one thing for you, what would it be?
What was the most embarrassing thing that you ever did while on a date?
What was the worst gift you ever received?
What is the one thing you are the most afraid of?
Have you ever sent an inappropriate text to your mom or dad by accident?
Have you ever bought something to wear to an event and then returned it to the store when the event was over?
Have you ever fallen asleep in church?
Did you ever break up with someone just before a holiday so that you didn’t have to buy them a gift?
Have you ever kept a library book?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
If you could create your own job title, what would it be?
What is your excuse to get out of exercising?
What was the one thing you could never learn how to do no matter how hard you tried?
What was your favorite childhood television show?
Did you ever sneak into an adult movie when you were underage?
If you had a remote control that would operate anything, what would you control?
Have you ever complained about something at a restaurant just to get out of paying?
What is one thing you did as a child that you still enjoy doing?
Do you prefer the big city or country life?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What are your favorite pizza toppings?
Where is your favorite vacation spot?
Have you ever used a work computer for personal use?
What is your favorite thing to do with your leisure time?
What was the worse vacation you ever had?
If you were to bury a time capsule, what is one thing you would put in it?
If you were granted three wishes, what would you wish for?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you could choose a different career, what would it be and why?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
What is your favorite vending machine snack?
Have you ever forgotten a special person’s birthday?
Have you ever taken a drink straight out of the carton?
On a scale from 1-10, where do your patience fall?
If animals could talk, which one would you have a conversation with?
What is your favorite restaurant?
What makes you cry?
What makes you laugh?
What is something you find to be disgusting?
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator and if so who were you with?
Have you ever been on an airplane and if so where were you going?
Who was your favorite teacher in school?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What is something that you are not looking forward to?
Knowing now what you didn’t know then, what would you have done differently?
Have you ever told a secret after you were told not to?
Are you always on time, or are you always late?
Are you a morning person or a night person?
What is one job you would never want to do?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
When you think that no one is listening, do you sing in the shower?
The last time you argued with someone, did you apologize first or was it the other person?
What is your favorite food?
What is the best gift you ever received?
What was your favorite childhood toy?
If you were given a million dollars what would you do with it?
Have you ever been arrested?
What is your favorite sport?
Have you ever been golfing?
Have you ever played tennis?
What is your favorite ride at the amusement park?
Do you prefer the beach or the mountains?
Have you ever been on a train?
If you found a large amount of money, would you keep it or would you try to find the owner?
What makes you furious?
What makes you happy?
What is your favorite sandwich?
Is there anything you regret buying, and if so, what is it?
What is the best thing you ever bought?
If you were invisible what is something you would do?
What makes you feel uncomfortable?
Do you prefer cats, dogs, or neither?
If there was one thing you could change about yourself, what would it be?
If you were a giant, what would you like to do?
What is your favorite music genre?
Have you ever blamed your sibling for something you did just so that you wouldn’t get in trouble?
How old were you when you got your first cell phone?
When is the last time you took a shower?
When is the last time you brushed your teeth?
What do you like to do when you are alone?
What do you like to do when you are with your friends?
What was the name of your first crush?
How old were you when you had your first crush?
What is the best time of day for you?
What is your least favorite time of the day?
If you didn’t have to work, what would you do with all your time?
What is your favorite possession?
What is your favorite go-to website?
What was the best day you ever had?
What was the worst day you ever had?
What is your biggest fear in life?
Did you have a nickname as a child and if so, what was it?
Do you prefer mushy movies or funny ones?
If you only had two minutes to get out of your house, what would you grab?
What is your favorite vegetable?
What is your favorite fruit?
Do you have a special talent and if so, what is it?
Have you ever been married?
What do you like to put on your toast?
Do you like hot peppers?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?
Do you prefer Facebook or twitter?
What season is your favorite?
Who is your most annoying neighbor?
If you could be someone else for a day who would you be?
What was the name of the street you grew up on?
Which do you like better, cars or trucks?
What is your favorite outdoor pastime?
Which do you like better, Coke or Pepsi?
What is your favorite month and why?
Do you like to read and if so, what is your favorite book?
Have you ever met a celebrity, if so, who?
Have you ever cheated to win a game?
Have you ever sent a love email to your boss by accident that was meant for someone else?
What food do you absolutely despise?
Who is the person you are the most jealous of and why?
How many different languages can you speak and what are they?
Do you have any tattoos and if so, where?
Have you ever been outside of the country?
What is one thing your grandparent taught you how to do?
Have you ever been to the opera?
Do you prefer talking or texting?
Have you ever had an argument with someone through text?
What was the last thing you ate?
Have you ever been to the zoo?
Have you ever stalked someone on Facebook?
What was your most embarrassing farting moment?
If you could be any celebrity, who would you be and why?
Have you ever faked a sickness to stay home from school?
Have you ever used your lunch money for something other than lunch?
What’s the dumbest thing you ever said or done, around a boy/girl you liked?
Have you ever watched a movie or TV show that you know you’re not allowed?
Have you ever cried during a movie? If so, which one?
What is something you wish you were better at?
Have you ever broken something and blamed someone else?
When was the last time you did something nice for someone else?
Who was your first crush?
Among all the people in this server, which girl/guy would you like to date?
If you woke up one day and noticed that you were invisible, what would be the first thing that you would like to do?
If you were marooned on an island with just a single person, who would you like it to be?
Have you ever lied to your boyfriend/girlfriend? If yes, about what?
If you were to be born again, what would you like to be?
When did you have your first kiss?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
Would you ever cheat on your girlfriend/boyfriend?
If you had only 24 hours left to live, what would you do?
If you get a chance to make anyone in this server your slave, who would you like that to be?
If you win a lottery of 100 million dollars, what would you do with the money?
What is the question that you don't want anyone to ask you in this game?
If you were a vegetable, which one would you like to be?
Have you ever shop-lifted?
What is the worst rumor you have spread about someone else?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
The world ends next week and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
Do you still take bubble baths?
Who was your first kiss? Did you like it?
Would you kiss a guy on the first date? Would you do more than that?
How many kids do you want to have in the future?
Who would you hate to see naked?
What is your crush's personality like?
Have you ever sent someone the wrong text?
Have you ever cursed at your parents? Why?
How far would you go on a first date?
Describe what makes someone husband or wife material.
If you could make $1 million, would you drop out of school?
What is your worst habit?
What's one thing you do that you don't want anyone to know about?
Do you frequently stalk anyone on social media? Who?
If you had to choose between dating someone ugly who was good in bed or dating someone hot who was bad in bed, which would you choose?
What is your biggest turn-off?
If you had to choose between being poor and smart or being rich and dumb, what would you choose?
What have you lied to your partner about?
Have you ever cheated on your partner?
If someone you didn't like had a crush on you, how would you act around her?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What is something you've always wanted to try but have been too scared of?
If you were a king of your own kingdom, what would be your first order?
If you could trade places with anybody in the world, would you do it? If yes, who would it be?
If a genie came out of a lamp, what would your 3 wishes be?
Have you ever thought about changing your name? If yes, to what?
Which cartoon character do you resemble the most?
What's the maximum amount you think you can survive without your cell phone?
Would you rather be able to play any musical instrument in the world or speak with animals?
Would you rather be the most popular or the smartest kid at school?
If you had to audition for 'The Voice', which song would you choose to sing?
What would you do if you lived in the body of someone of the opposite sex for one day?
What is the most shameful thing you've done in your life?
Have you ever been so high or drunk that you were speaking with objects?
If you make your phone or keys fall in the toilets, would you put your hand in it to get it back?
What is the worst thing you've ever done to somebody?
Who's the most inappropriate person you've ever fantasized about?
What is that one secret you kept from your parents while you growing up?
Have you ever tried to flirt your teacher for getting more marks?
What is your dirty habit that nobody knows?
Have you ever cried like a baby while watching a movie?
Would you really forget your previous crush completely?
Explain what are the five major qualities required for your future wife/husband.
Have you ever felt jealous of your brother/sister?
Have you ever felt bad about your family background?
Do you like to sleep in the afternoons?
Do you really believe in Love At First Sight?
How many secrets do you hide from your crush/bf/gf till now?
Have you ever tried for weight loss or weight gain?
What are the three things that make you relax when you’re in a sad mood?
What's your guilty pleasure?
Would you date an ex?
Have you ever stolen anything in your life?
Do you have a dark secret no one knows?
If you are given a chance to make a change in yourself, what will it be?
Have you ever been cheated on?
How many people have you kissed?
What's the biggest lie you've told?
What's something you secretly like but are embarrassed by?
If you were the opposite sex for an hour, what would you do?
List all the things in your room that you have made some attempt to hide.
What's the most embarrassing thing you've been to the doctor for?
What’s the 1st thing you will do if you are the President of your country for a day?
Have you done drugs Do you still?
If you only have 24 hrs to live, how would you spend it?
What do you collect that no one knows about?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Which person here knows something about you that you wouldn't want revealed?
What was the last thing you photographed with your phone?
Have you ever pretended to be older or younger than you are to be able to do something?
Have you ever been in trouble with the police?
What’s your idea of a perfect date?
Would you use a dating website?
Would you break up with someone by sending them a text?
Are you a virgin?
What are the three most important qualities you look for in a friend?
If your parents went out of town for a week and you had the house to yourself, what would you do?
What is your weight?
Did you ever spread a nasty rumor about someone else?
If you were asked to make one of the people in this server your slave, who would you choose and why?
Do you have a crush at the moment?
What’s the scariest thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever done something embarrassing while drunk? Describe.
If you could change one thing about your life, what would it be?
Have you ever been in love?
What’s something in your web browsing history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
When was the last time you cried and why?
Have you ever been so drunk you blacked out?
What’s the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done when you were alone?
What’s the cruelest thing you’ve ever done to a boyfriend or girlfriend?
How old were you when your parents sat you down for “the talk” and what did they say (or not say) about “the birds and the bees”?
What’s the biggest dating disappointment you’ve experienced so far?
What is your middle name?
Have you ever had a crush on your best friend?
Have you ever watched someone while they were changing or showering?
Have you ever gone skinny-dipping?
